Update how-to-autolink-keywords-in-mattermost.md (#1255)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-autolink-keywords-in-mattermost.md

To add a new autolink on the Mattermost Community Server:

1. Define the word and URL to autolink on. For example, the term ISP is linked to the [issue/solution process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/company-processes/issue-solution) documentation in the [Mattermost Handbook](https://handbook.mattermost.com).

> 2. Message @jesse.hallam on the Mattermost Community Server in the [Ask R&D channel](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/ask-r-and-d) to help add the new autolink to the Mattermost server. This ensures that everyone on the Mattermost Community Server benefits from having a quick definition at their fingertips when the term is used in messages and threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the Mattermost Community Server in the [Community Configuration channel](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/community-configuration), ask to help add the new autolink to the Mattermost server. This ensures that everyone on the Mattermost Community Server benefits from having a quick definition at their fingertips when the term is used in messages and threads. For an example request, see: https://community.mattermost.com/core/pl/c8ygw31dc3bm9mwantkem6a7da
```
